Hello my name is Phill and Welcome to my attempt at solving the technical test.

The first comments noted as important in the brief were setting a time allocation and sticking to it.
In response to this I set myself the maximum allowed time (20 hours) and have finished, not the tasks, but the quantity of time.

I found this challenge great fun, and my only regret is not having long periods of continuously dedicated time to have 
really got into the flow.
I found the restriction of not using frameworks such as entity for data access a great boon to my learning.
I have only ever used entity framework to talk to databases before, and now after no few hours, am feeling 
really comfortable in SQL out side of entity framework. 

The planning.

I decided to do a console app as I've been building mostly in MVC ASP.NET, I haven't used webforms before, and am slightly more 
familiar with console apps. It took me a couple of hours to quickly re-read my notes on console apps and create the 
framework of menus which I focused in on the first five or so questions.

My planning was around asking questions like:
What are my nouns? database, origins, destinations, distance, routes, menus, results.

What do I use to represent these?	Database tables for the routes with the origins destinations and distances being values.
									Text based menus with text inputs.

What are my verbs, how will I work with them?	Create tables that represent every route that is entered. 
												Create a table that has all the routes in in.
												While doing so I will create a way to delete any tables.
												Create a method that looks up the origin, then joins the entry of an origins 
												destination to the origin again, recursing until all the origins are consumed. 
												Sum the distances of this row*1.
												
The first major rabbit hole I fell down was talking to the SQL databases, establishing that my connection string was working and the fundamentals of getting the 
string builders error free. 
I like to follow the principles of keeping methods small, but had an open/execute query tagged on to the bottom of all my string builders.
With everything becoming unworkable spaghetti, so I took a few hours to re-factor the 'creation sql talk' into it's own method.
While mentioning refactoring, I would like to do a lot more on my code as it doesn't really resemble any nice ideals of OO that I'm aware of, but again,
time was pretty precious.
													*1 While doing this it became apparent that the Sum would work even if all the origin/destination pairs 
													were not present. Had to refactor/ rewrite so that a count of how many passes through the recurse
													were made and compare this to the count of the original query's entry.
													(This seems to work, but with further testing I have found a bug which time permitting could be solved
													but may need another approach. If you want to activate the bug, enter a route that doesn't exist, then go 
													back and try to enter a good route, it will respond that the good route doesn't exist). 
